[Key Vault] Add migration guide for azure-keyvault-keys (#15819)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-keys/migration_guide.md

client = KeyClient(vault_url="https://my-key-vault.vault.azure.net/", credential=credential)
...
await client.close()

# alternatively, use the client as an async context manager
client = KeyClient(vault_url="https://my-key-vault.vault.azure.net/", credential=credential)
async with client:
  ...
```

### Create a key

In `azure-keyvault` you could create a key by using `KeyVaultClient`'s `create_key` method, which required a vault endpoint, key name, and key type. This method returned a `KeyBundle` containing the key.

```python
# create an RSA key
key_bundle = client.create_key(
    vault_base_url="https://my-key-vault.vault.azure.net/",
    key_name="key-name",
    kty="RSA"
)
key = key_bundle.key

# create an elliptic curve key
key_bundle = client.create_key(
    vault_base_url="https://my-key-vault.vault.azure.net/",
    key_name="key-name",
    kty="EC"
)
key = key_bundle.key
```

Now in `azure-keyvault-keys` there are multiple ways to create keys. You can provide a key name and type to the general `create_key` method, or provide just a name to `create_rsa_key` or `create_ec_key`. These methods all return the created key as a `KeyVaultKey`.

```python

> # create a key with specified type
> key = key_client.create_key(name="key-name", key_type="oct")

Reviewer: "oct" will get an error from a standard Key Vault. Also may be useful to show the `KeyType` enum here:
```suggestion
from azure.keyvault.keys import KeyType

# create a key with specified type
key = key_client.create_key(name="key-name", key_type=KeyType.ec)
```

print(key.name)
print(key.key_type)

# create an RSA key
rsa_key = key_client.create_rsa_key(name="rsa-key-name", size=2048)

# create an elliptic curve key

> ec_key = key_client.create_ec_key(name="ec-key-name", curve="P-256")

Reviewer: Suggest showing KeyCurveName here

```

### Retrieve a key

In `azure-keyvault` you could retrieve a key (in a `KeyBundle`) by using `get_key` and specifying the desired vault endpoint, key name, and key version. You could retrieve the versions of a key with the `get_key_versions` method, which returned an iterator-like object.

```python
from azure.keyvault import KeyId

key_items = client.get_key_versions(
    vault_base_url="https://my-key-vault.vault.azure.net/",
    key_name="key-name"
)

for key_item in key_items:

>     key_id = KeyId(key_item.kid)

Reviewer: This isn't mentioned in the text or used in the example?

Author: This variable isn't used directly, but I split up the process of fetching the key version because I wanted to clearly show how the `KeyId` was being used. I don't think condensing lines 159/160 into `key_version = KeyId(key_item.kid).version` would be too complicated though, if you think that's neater

Reviewer: Ah, my bad, it's used in the sense I meant on the next line, it's fine like this 🤓

```python
deleted_key_poller = key_client.begin_delete_key(name="key-name")
deleted_key = deleted_key_poller.result()

deleted_key_poller.wait()
key_client.purge_deleted_key(name="key-name")
```

### Perform cryptographic operations

In `azure-keyvault` you could perform cryptographic operations with keys by using the `encrypt`/`decrypt`, `wrap_key`/`unwrap_key`, and `sign`/`verify` methods. Each of these methods accepted a vault endpoint, key name, key version, and algorithm along with other parameters.

```python
from azure.keyvault import KeyId

key_bundle = client.create_key(
    vault_base_url="https://my-key-vault.vault.azure.net/",
    key_name="key-name",
    kty="RSA"
)
key = key_bundle.key
key_id = KeyId(key.kid)
key_version = key_id.version

plaintext = b"plaintext"

# encrypt data using the key
operation_result = client.encrypt(
    vault_base_url="https://my-key-vault.vault.azure.net/",
    key_name="key-name",
    key_version=key_version,
    algorithm="RSA-OAEP-256",
    value=plaintext
)
ciphertext = operation_result.result
```

> Now in `azure-keyvault-keys` you can perform these cryptographic operations by using a `CryptographyClient`. The key used to create the client will be used for these operations.

Reviewer: Another difference is that `CryptographyClient` performs operations locally when it has or can get the key material whereas every `KeyVaultClient` crypto operation is performed by Key Vault.

```python
deleted_key_poller = key_client.begin_delete_key(name="key-name")
deleted_key = deleted_key_poller.result()

deleted_key_poller.wait()
key_client.purge_deleted_key(name="key-name")
```

### Perform cryptographic operations

In `azure-keyvault` you could perform cryptographic operations with keys by using the `encrypt`/`decrypt`, `wrap_key`/`unwrap_key`, and `sign`/`verify` methods. Each of these methods accepted a vault endpoint, key name, key version, and algorithm along with other parameters.

```python
from azure.keyvault import KeyId

key_bundle = client.create_key(
    vault_base_url="https://my-key-vault.vault.azure.net/",
    key_name="key-name",
    kty="RSA"
)
key = key_bundle.key
key_id = KeyId(key.kid)
key_version = key_id.version

plaintext = b"plaintext"

# encrypt data using the key
operation_result = client.encrypt(
    vault_base_url="https://my-key-vault.vault.azure.net/",
    key_name="key-name",
    key_version=key_version,
    algorithm="RSA-OAEP-256",
    value=plaintext
)
ciphertext = operation_result.result
```

> Now in `azure-keyvault-keys` you can perform these cryptographic operations by using a `CryptographyClient`. The key used to create the client will be used for these operations. Cryptographic operations are now performed locally by the client, rather than remotely by Key Vault.

Reviewer: This implies CryptographyClient does everything locally, but actually it falls back to Key Vault when it can't get the key material.

Author: Hm, that makes sense. Is there documentation of the CryptographyClient's behavior that I could refer/link to, or would this have to be gleaned from the source code?

Reviewer: Good question. It should be documented but is not: #15859
